The last thing we're gonna do in
this class is a final challenge.
And this is actually,
it's a typing problem that I had to solve
in my journey to mastering TypeScript.
So a couple years ago, I was involved
in a lot of work around web workers and
if you've never used these before,
you can think of it as kind of a fully
independent program that runs and you can
talk to it through the post message API.
Similar to how you can have something
I framed in a larger application and
use post message to go back and
forth between these things.
So, the post message API is excellent it's
one manifestation of the actor concurrency
model, which is a effective way to make
sure that things are never deadlocked,
where A is waiting on B and
B is waiting on A.
Effectively like these two programs,
they each have mailboxes,
they can send messages to each other,
but they have no opinion on when
those messages are read,
can think of it that way.
So it's a very good concurrency model.
It's been around for a very long time.
However, the way asynchronous stuff works
in JavaScript now it's it's more
common to use promises right?
Same reason like no Jas they used to
have all this everything written in
callback API's and
now everything's promise based right?
Like reading a file you get a promise
back with the contents of the file.
So I found this great
library called PenPal,
which lets you define
methods in your worker and
what you end up with is a very
similar method on an object
in your main application that
has a similar type except
the return value is kind
of wrapped in a promise.
So you can see here this is
what might be in the worker and
I have this object with methods on it or
functions on it.
And add returns a number and then if I
wanted my web worker to do this thing,
I would create a connection with the web
worker and get this child thing back.
And I could simply invoke
add on this thing and
I'd get back a promise
that resolves to a number.
So I can kinda of have a higher level
way to talk with this thing that
effectively is running in
a separate thread very convenient.
So let me show you the read me for
this library and
we're gonna implement
a simplified version of this, but
I just want you to kind of get the idea
of how this is meant to be used.
So this is code that might
exist in the parent window.
And you can see here we've got
this connect to child function.
And here are your methods.
Then we've got add, right?
Just sums up numbers 1 and 2, and
then it connects to this child and
then child has a multiply and a divide.
Here they are, multiply and
divide to their synchronous here,
up here it's kind of feels like you're
just calling this thing directly.
The promise Is where the data is sent over
there, it's run through the function,
the results collected comes back
through the posts channel, and
then you get it back in your parent frame.
So we're not gonna worry about any
of this connection aspect of things.
I just want us to focus on how
might we solve the interesting
type information problem here.
How do you take an object
with some functions on it and
create the type for
a new object where anything that was
not a promise is effectively
wrapped in a promise.
That's what you're setting out to do here.
So that's your task you're gonna
create a type called rap for
PenPal you're gonna pass in
type of methods which will
give you the interface like
corresponding to this object.
And we should see that
asyncmethods.add should return
a promise that resolves to a number,
etc, etc.
Hopefully this makes sense.
In this case, do not worry about
making sure the code runs.
We just want the type information
to be what you're dealing with.
So in the workshop project.
You can see this async
communicator folder.
It's the final the three folders
in this challenges area and
there's a source folder in there and
an index.ts.
So, let me get rid of
this other stuff here.
In this case,
there is no test suite to run.
Your tests are just for type information
and there at the bottom here.
So here you can see that like
we've got a sink methods.add.
And, right now this ends up being an any.
That's why we see two places
where we see red squiggles.
So by the time you're done,
these things should go away.
These are things that should error,
and currently they are not erroring.
That's why type scripts objecting here.
So these are negative test cases.
So your job is, make this work,
right replace this anything with something
that gives us equivalent function
types with equivalent argument lists.
And then anything that's not a promise
should be kind of wrapped in a promise.
And, I believe as an extra
challenge consider that
you might already have something
here that's asynchronous.
So if you want to a stretch goal here,
don't wrap promises in double promises,
right?
So if we have like.
Do a sync thing that
returned a promise that
resolves to a number
something like this right?
There's no need to make this a promise
that resolves to a promise that resolves
to a number you can just make it
like leave it alone effectively.
A stretch goal here because this will
require a little bit extra work to
handle this case you'll have to detect
whether you're in that situation and
either do something or not do something.
So you should end up really working on
line four up here only do this if you can
make the rest of it work and you want to
get fancy and then wrap up the course